au/id/bjf/sudoku/SudokuUtils.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.SudokuUtils
com/example/springboot/Sudoku.java
 com.example.springboot.Sudoku
au/id/bjf/dlx/DLXResultProcessor.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.DLXResultProcessor
au/id/bjf/sudoku/swing/SudokuPanel.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.swing.SudokuPanel
au/id/bjf/sudoku/dlx/DLXSudokuSolver.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.CellCoordinatesLabel
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.CellValueLabel
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.ColumnLabel
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.ColumnValueLabel
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.DLXSudokuSolver
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.DLXSudokuSolver$CountingOnlyDLXResultProcessor
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.RegionValueLabel
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.dlx.RowValueLabel
au/id/bjf/sudoku/SudokuCheckFlags.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.SudokuCheckFlags
au/id/bjf/dlx/NullResultProcessor.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.NullResultProcessor
au/id/bjf/dlx/DLX.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.DLX
com/example/springboot/HelloController.java
 com.example.springboot.HelloController
au/id/bjf/sudoku/killer/Permutation.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.killer.Permutation
au/id/bjf/dlx/data/DataObject.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.data.DataObject
au/id/bjf/dlx/data/ColumnObject.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.data.ColumnObject
com/example/springboot/Test.java
 com.example.springboot.Test
com/example/springboot/SudokuController.java
 com.example.springboot.SudokuController
 com.example.springboot.SudokuController$1
au/id/bjf/sudoku/SudokuSolver.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.SudokuSolver
au/id/bjf/sudoku/SudokuException.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.SudokuException
com/example/springboot/Application.java
 com.example.springboot.Application
au/id/bjf/dlx/DLXException.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.DLXException
au/id/bjf/dlx/SimpleDLXResultProcessor.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.SimpleDLXResultProcessor
au/id/bjf/dlx/DLXResult.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.DLXResult
com/example/springboot/TestController.java
 com.example.springboot.TestController
au/id/bjf/dlx/data/DebugDataObject.java
 au.id.bjf.dlx.data.DebugDataObject
au/id/bjf/sudoku/killer/Permutations.java
 au.id.bjf.sudoku.killer.Permutations
